aaron, noraa 
ababa, ababa 
ada, ada 
adlai, ialda 
adrienne, enneirda 
agnetha, ahtenga 
ahmet, temha 
al, la 
alain, niala 
alasdair, riadsala 
albert, trebla 
alejandro, ordnajela 
alexa, axela 
alexia, aixela 
alf, fla 
alice, ecila 
allan, nalla 
alvin, nivla 
amanda, adnama 
amedeo, oedema 
amigo, ogima 
amos, soma 
ana, ana 
anastasia, aisatsana 
anatoly, ylotana 
andre, erdna 
andreas, saerdna 
andries, seirdna 
angela, alegna 
angus, sugna 
ann, nna 
anna, anna 
anne, enna 
anthea, aehtna 
anton, notna 
antonio, oinotna 
anya, ayna 
archibald, dlabihcra 
ariel, leira 
arne, enra 
art, tra 
athel, lehta 
aubrey, yerbua 
augustus, sutsugua 
axel, lexa 
barbra, arbrab 
barrett, tterrab 
barry, yrrab 
barton, notrab 
beckie, eikceb 
behdad, dadheb 
ben, neb 
benny, ynneb 
bernard, dranreb 
bert, treb 
beth, hteb 
betsy, ysteb 
beverly, ylreveb 
bill, llib 
billy, yllib 
bjorne, enrojb 
blair, rialb 
blayne, enyalb 
bob, bob 
bobby, ybbob 
boob, boob 
boyce, ecyob 
brad, darb 
bradley, yeldarb 
brandon, nodnarb 
brenda, adnerb 
brender, rednerb 
bret, terb 
brian, nairb 
briggs, sggirb 
bronwyn, nywnorb 
bruce, ecurb 
bryan, nayrb 
bryony, ynoyrb 
buck, kcub 
bud, dub 
byron, noryb 
caleb, belac 
candida, adidnac 
carisa, asirac 
carlo, olrac 
carol, lorac 
caroline, enilorac 
carsten, netsrac 
cary, yrac 
casey, yesac 
cassandra, ardnassac 
cathrin, nirhtac 
cathy, yhtac 
cdc, cdc 
celeste, etselec 
charity, ytirahc 
charlene, enelrahc 
charley, yelrahc 
chastity, ytitsahc 
chet, tehc 
chris, sirhc 
christie, eitsirhc 
christofer, refotsirhc 
christopher, rehpotsirhc 
cinderella, allerednic 
cindy, ydnic 
claire, erialc 
clare, eralc 
clarissa, assiralc 
claude, edualc 
claudio, oidualc 
clay, yalc 
clem, melc 
clifford, droffilc 
clyde, edylc 
cole, eloc 
colin, niloc 
conan, nanoc 
conrad, darnoc 
cory, yroc 
craig, giarc 
cristi, itsirc 
cristopher, rehpotsirc 
curtis, sitruc 
cyrus, suryc 
dale, elad 
damon, nomad 
dan, nad 
dani, inad 
daniele, eleinad 
danielle, elleinad 
danny, ynnad 
daren, nerad 
darlene, enelrad 
darren, nerrad 
daryl, lyrad 
david, divad 
dawn, nwad 
deadly, yldaed 
deanna, annaed 
debbie, eibbed 
deborah, harobed 
deirdre, erdried 
delbert, trebled 
denise, esined 
derek, kered 
dewey, yewed 
diane, enaid 
dickon, nokcid 
dieter, reteid 
dimitry, yrtimid 
dipak, kapid 
dod, dod 
dominick, kcinimod 
don, nod 
donald, dlanod 
donna, annod 
donnie, einnod 
dora, arod 
dorian, nairod 
dory, yrod 
dougal, laguod 
doyle, elyod 
duane, enaud 
duffy, yffud 
duncan, nacnud 
dwayne, enyawd 
dylan, nalyd 
earle, elrae 
ebeneezer, rezeenebe 
eddie, eidde 
edgar, ragde 
edmond, dnomde 
eduardo, odraude 
edwin, niwde 
eke, eke 
eli, ile 
elijah, hajile 
elisabeth, htebasile 
ellen, nelle 
elliott, ttoille 
elsa, asle 
elwood, doowle 
emily, ylime 
emmett, ttemme 
enya, ayne 
ere, ere 
erica, acire 
erik, kire 
ernie, einre 
erwin, niwre 
esmerelda, adleremse 
ethel, lehte 
eva, ave 
eve, eve 
evelyn, nyleve 
ewe, ewe 
fabrice, ecirbaf 
farouk, kuoraf 
felix, xilef 
ferdinand, dnanidref 
floria, airolf 
floyd, dyolf 
francis, sicnarf 
francois, siocnarf 
franklin, nilknarf 
frederic, cirederf 
fritz, ztirf 
gabriel, leirbag 
gaia, aiag 
galahad, dahalag 
galen, nelag 
gates, setag 
gayle, elyag 
geoff, ffoeg 
geordie, eidroeg 
gerald, dlareg 
gertrude, edurtreg 
gig, gig 
gil, lig 
gill, llig 
ginny, ynnig 
glen, nelg 
glynn, nnylg 
gordon, nodrog 
graeme, emearg 
grant, tnarg 
greg, gerg 
gregge, eggerg 
gregory, yrogerg 
griff, ffirg 
guillermo, omrelliug 
gunnar, rannug 
guy, yug 
gytha, ahtyg 
hamilton, notlimah 
hank, knah 
hans, snah 
harold, dlorah 
harris, sirrah 
harry, yrrah 
harv, vrah 
hazel, lezah 
hector, rotceh 
hein, nieh 
heinz, znieh 
helge, egleh 
henry, yrneh 
herbert, trebreh 
herman, namreh 
hienz, zneih 
hilda, adlih 
hillel, lellih 
hirofumi, imuforih 
hiroyuki, ikuyorih 
hohn, nhoh 
hon, noh 
hope, epoh 
horst, tsroh 
howard, drawoh 
hsuan, naush 
hubert, trebuh 
hugh, hguh 
huh, huh 
hume, emuh 
hurf, fruh 
hy, yh 
iain, niai 
igor, rogi 
ilya, ayli 
imad, dami 
indra, ardni 
ira, ari 
irulan, naluri 
irving, gnivri 
isaac, caasi 
isidore, erodisi 
israel, learsi 
izumi, imuzi 
jack, kcaj 
jacob, bocaj 
jacques, seuqcaj 
jagath, htagaj 
jakob, bokaj 
james, semaj 
jan, naj 
janet, tenaj 
janos, sonaj 
jarl, lraj 
jarvis, sivraj 
jay, yaj 
jayesh, hseyaj 
jean-christophe, ehpotsirhc-naej 
jean-pierre, erreip-naej 
jeanne, ennaej 
jeannie, einnaej 
jef, fej 
jeffery, yreffej 
jeffrey, yerffej 
jem, mej 
jenine, eninej 
jenni, innej 
jennifer, refinnej 
jerald, dlarej 
jerome, emorej 
jerry, yrrej 
jess, ssej 
jessica, acissej 
ji, ij 
jill, llij 
jimmy, ymmij 
jinchao, oahcnij 
jinny, ynnij 
jisheng, gnehsij 
joachim, mihcaoj 
joanne, ennaoj 
jochen, nehcoj 
joe, eoj 
johan, nahoj 
john, nhoj 
johnnie, einnhoj 
jon, noj 
jones, senoj 
joni, inoj 
jordan, nadroj 
jos, soj 
joseph, hpesoj 
joshua, auhsoj 
joubert, trebuoj 
juan, nauj 
judith, htiduj 
juergen, negreuj 
julia, ailuj 
juliane, enailuj 
julie, eiluj 
julius, suiluj 
june, enuj 
juri, iruj 
justin, nitsuj 
kaj, jak 
kamiya, ayimak 
karen, nerak 
karin, nirak 
kate, etak 
kathleen, neelhtak 
kathy, yhtak 
kay, yak 
kazuhiro, orihuzak 
kee, eek 
keith, htiek 
kelvin, nivlek 
ken, nek 
kenneth, htennek 
kenton, notnek 
kerry, yrrek 
kevin, nivek 
kieran, nareik 
kikki, ikkik 
kimberly, ylrebmik 
kinch, hcnik 
kirk, krik 
kit, tik 
klaudia, aidualk 
knapper, reppank 
knut, tunk 
kolkka, akklok 
konstantinos, sonitnatsnok 
kris, sirk 
kristi, itsirk 
kristin, nitsirk 
krzysztof, fotzsyzrk 
kurt, truk 
kyle, elyk 
kyu, uyk 
lalla, allal 
lance, ecnal 
lanny, ynnal 
lara, aral 
lars, sral 
laurel, lerual 
laurence, ecnerual 
laurianne, ennairual 
lawrence, ecnerwal 
lea, ael 
leah, hael 
leif, fiel 
leila, aliel 
len, nel 
lenora, aronel 
leon, noel 
leora, aroel 
lesley, yelsel 
lester, retsel 
level, level 
lex, xel 
liber, rebil 
lila, alil 
linda, adnil 
lindsay, yasdnil 
linley, yelnil 
list, tsil 
liz, zil 
lloyd, dyoll 
lola, alol 
lonhyn, nyhnol 
loren, nerol 
lori, irol 
lorraine, eniarrol 
louie, eiuol 
louis, siuol 
loukas, sakuol 
loyd, dyol 
lucie, eicul 
lucius, suicul 
lui, iul 
lukas, sakul 
lum, mul 
lynn, nnyl 
lynnette, ettennyl 
maarten, netraam 
madam, madam 
magnus, sungam 
mahesh, hseham 
major, rojam 
malcolm, mloclam 
malus, sulam 
mandy, ydnam 
mann, nnam 
manolis, silonam 
mara, aram 
marcel, lecram 
marcia, aicram 
marcos, socram 
margaret, teragram 
margie, eigram 
marguerite, etireugram 
marian, nairam 
marilyn, nyliram 
marion, noiram 
mark, kram 
marla, alram 
marnix, xinram 
marsha, ahsram 
martha, ahtram 
marty, ytram 
marvin, nivram 
masanao, oanasam 
mason, nosam 
mats, stam 
matthew, wehttam 
matthieu, ueihttam 
maureen, neeruam 
max, xam 
mayo, oyam 
meehan, naheem 
meg, gem 
meggan, naggem 
melinda, adnilem 
meriadoc, codairem 
merton, notrem 
micah, hacim 
micheal, laehcim 
michelle, ellehcim 
mick, kcim 
micky, ykcim 
mikael, leakim 
mikey, yekim 
miles, selim 
milo, olim 
minim, minim 
miriamne, enmairim 
mitchell, llehctim 
mohammad, dammahom 
mongo, ognom 
montgomery, yremogtnom 
moore, eroom 
morgan, nagrom 
morton, notrom 
mosur, rusom 
mum, mum 
murph, hprum 
murthy, yhtrum 
myrick, kcirym 
mysore, erosym 
naim, mian 
nancy, ycnan 
naomi, imoan 
naren, neran 
naresh, hseran 
natalie, eilatan 
nathan, nahtan 
natraj, jartan 
ned, den 
nelken, neklen 
nguyen, neyugn 
niall, llain 
nichael, leahcin 
nici, icin 
nicky, ykcin 
nicolas, salocin 
nicolo, olocin 
nigel, legin 
nils, slin 
ninja, ajnin 
noam, maon 
noemi, imeon 
noon, noon 
norbert, trebron 
norma, amron 
norris, sirron 
novo, ovon 
nun, nun 
ofer, refo 
old, dlo 
oleg, gelo 
oliver, revilo 
olof, folo 
omar, ramo 
orenthal, lahtnero 
oscar, racso 
osric, cirso 
otto, otto 
oz, zo 
ozymandias, saidnamyzo 
page, egap 
pamela, alemap 
pandora, arodnap 
pantelis, siletnap 
paola, aloap 
part, trap 
pat, tap 
patricia, aicirtap 
patrick, kcirtap 
paul, luap 
pauline, eniluap 
pearl, lraep 
peep, peep 
penny, ynnep 
per, rep 
percy, ycrep 
perry, yrrep 
peter, retep 
phil, lihp 
philippe, eppilihp 
phillip, pillihp 
pia, aip 
pierce, ecreip 
pierre, erreip 
piete, eteip 
pilar, ralip 
pim, mip 
piotr, rtoip 
pitawas, sawatip 
po, op 
polonius, suinolop 
poop, poop 
pradeep, peedarp 
pratap, patarp 
pratt, ttarp 
presley, yelserp 
price, ecirp 
purity, ytirup 
raanan, nanaar 
rachael, leahcar 
rachelle, ellehcar 
radek, kedar 
rafik, kifar 
ragnar, rangar 
raif, fiar 
raj, jar 
rajarshi, ihsrajar 
rajendra, ardnejar 
rajiv, vijar 
ralf, flar 
ram, mar 
raman, namar 
ramesh, hsemar 
ramneek, keenmar 
ramsey, yesmar 
randal, ladnar 
randell, llednar 
randy, ydnar 
ranulph, hplunar 
raquel, leuqar 
raul, luar 
ravindran, nardnivar 
ray, yar 
raylene, enelyar 
real, laer 
redder, redder 
refer, refer 
reginald, dlaniger 
reiner, renier 
rene, ener 
reuben, nebuer 
revised, desiver 
rex, xer 
ric, cir 
rich, hcir 
rick, kcir 
rik, kir 
ritchey, yehctir 
rob, bor 
robbin, nibbor 
roberta, atrebor 
robin, nibor 
rod, dor 
roderick, kciredor 
rodney, yendor 
rogue, eugor 
rolf, flor 
romain, niamor 
ron, nor 
ronni, innor 
roozbeh, hebzoor 
ross, ssor 
rotor, rotor 
roxane, enaxor 
roxie, eixor 
rudolf, flodur 
rudy, ydur 
russ, ssur 
rusty, ytsur 
s's, s's 
sabrina, anirbas 
saiid, diias 
sally, yllas 
samantha, ahtnamas 
samuel, leumas 
sanche, ehcnas 
sandip, pidnas 
sandy, ydnas 
sangho, ohgnas 
sanjay, yajnas 
sanjib, bijnas 
saqib, biqas 
sarah, haras 
sasha, ahsas 
saul, luas 
savannah, hannavas 
scot, tocs 
sean, naes 
sedovic, civodes 
sees, sees 
sekar, rakes 
serena, aneres 
sergeant, tnaegres 
sergio, oigres 
seth, htes 
seymour, ruomyes 
shahid, dihahs 
shakil, likahs 
shane, enahs 
shannon, nonnahs 
sharan, narahs 
sharon, norahs 
shaw, wahs 
shean, naehs 
shel, lehs 
sherman, namrehs 
sheryl, lyrehs 
sho, ohs 
shuvra, arvuhs 
sid, dis 
siegurd, drugeis 
simeon, noemis 
simone, enomis 
siping, gnipis 
sis, sis 
sjouke, ekuojs 
skef, feks 
slartibartfast, tsaftrabitrals 
sofia, aifos 
solos, solos 
sonja, ajnos 
soohong, gnohoos 
space, ecaps 
spencer, recneps 
spock, kcops 
spy, yps 
sri, irs 
sridharan, narahdirs 
srinivas, savinirs 
sriram, marirs 
ssi, iss 
stacy, ycats 
stan, nats 
stanley, yelnats 
starbuck, kcubrats 
stefan, nafets 
stephan, nahpets 
stephe, ehpets 
stevan, navets 
steven, nevets 
stjohn, nhojts 
stu, uts 
subra, arbus 
sugih, higus 
sundar, radnus 
sunil, linus 
surya, ayrus 
susan, nasus 
susumu, umusus 
suwandi, idnawus 
suzan, nazus 
svante, etnavs 
syd, dys 
sylvan, navlys 
tad, dat 
tahsin, nishat 
tait, tiat 
takayuki, ikuyakat 
tal, lat 
tammy, ymmat 
tanaka, akanat 
tanya, aynat 
tara, arat 
tarmi, imrat 
tat, tat 
ted, det 
teet, teet 
teresa, aseret 
teriann, nnairet 
terrence, ecnerret 
terry, yrret 
tex, xet 
thaddeus, sueddaht 
the, eht 
theodore, erodoeht 
think, kniht 
those, esoht 
ti, it 
tiefenthal, lahtnefeit 
tigger, reggit 
timo, omit 
tip, pit 
titania, ainatit 
tobias, saibot 
todd, ddot 
toft, tfot 
tollefsen, nesfellot 
tomas, samot 
tony, ynot 
tor, rot 
tot, tot 
tovah, havot 
tracy, ycart 
travis, sivart 
trevor, rovert 
triantaphyllos, sollyhpatnairt 
troy, yort 
tuan, naut 
turkeer, reekrut 
uma, amu 
una, anu 
urs, sru 
vadim, midav 
valentin, nitnelav 
valerie, eirelav 
vance, ecnav 
vassos, sossav 
venkata, ataknev 
vernon, nonrev 
vic, civ 
vick, kciv 
vickie, eikciv 
victor, rotciv 
vidhyanath, htanayhdiv 
vilhelm, mlehliv 
vincent, tnecniv 
vinod, doniv 
vistlik, kiltsiv 
vivian, naiviv 
vladislav, valsidalv 
waldo, odlaw 
walt, tlaw 
warren, nerraw 
wendell, llednew 
wendy, ydnew 
wes, sew 
whitney, yentihw 
william, mailliw 
willy, ylliw 
wilmer, remliw 
win, niw 
winston, notsniw 
wolfgang, gnagflow 
wow, wow 
xuejia, aijeux 
yvonne, ennovy 
zoe, eoz 
